Labyrinth's Edge:

Start player in house in village. 
House has chest with gate key which unlocks dungeon gate.
Key dissapears after use and gate remains unlocked.

The full playing space is defined by 1 - 1000 levels.
Each level is a rectangular grid of spaces in columns and rows (up to 1000 columns and 1000 rows).
The software can handle a full 1000 x 1000 x 1000 play space area, but the actual size of the playing space is defined by the configuration files.

The initial (demo) game will be 4 levels.
Each level will be a 9 x 9 grid (9 columns, 9 rows). The levels increase in difficulty as you go lower.
The levels consist of a village (level 0), level 1, level 2, and level 3.

The village has a Armory shop, Magic shop, personal house, and entrance to dungeon.
Level 1 has a grid of equal sized rooms each connecting to a hallway on all sides.
Level 2 has a grid of equal sized rooms, some dont have hallways on all sides.
Level 3 has a grid of equal sized rooms, some dont have hallways on all sides.

All rooms have the possibility of having a small or large chest, 1-4 doors, up/down stairs, a monster, a center piece(such as a table or fountain), and a trap.
All hallways have the possibility of having 1-4 doors, stairs, and a monster.

The directions that you can travel consist of North(n), East(e), South(s), West(w), Up(u), and Down(d).

Actions include: Take (t), Drop (d), Open (o), Use (u), Look [<item>] (l), Inventory (i), Wallet (w), Flee (f) (if it is your turn to attack), Attack (a) - roll dice for damage dealt, 
Block [Top, Mid, Bot] (b).  Monsters will attack one of these. If you block wrong, damage is dealt. If you succeed, no damage is dealt., Help (h).

There will be red, green, and black keys. You will find red keys only on the first level. Green keys on the second level. And the red, green, and black keys on the 3rd level.

There will be only red doors on the first level, openable by the red keys. Since there will often be multiple doors leading into each room,
every door leading into that room will be locked. When you use the corresponding key on one of the doors in that room, all doors for that room will be unlocked.

There will be only green doors on the second level, openable by the green keys. Since there will often be multiple doors leading into each room,
every door leading into that room will be locked. When you use the corresponding key on one of the doors in that room, all doors for that room will be unlocked.

There will be a combination of red, green, yellow, and black doors on the 3rd level. The rule above remains the same for red and green doors.
Yellow doors require both a red and a green key to open.

The software will also allow the creation of blue keys which can be used on blue locks or combined with red keys for purple locks or green keys for teal locks.

The black key will be hidden in a chest somewhere on the third level. This key will unlock the boss room door, also located on the third level.

Your inventory will consist of 10 item slots plus 5 spell slots and 5 potion slots. Your equipment will consist of head, body, legs, feet, and weapon slots. Your wallet is infinite.

Potions take up your current turn if engaged in combat and can only be used when it is your turn.

1 door on each level that requires a 3 digit code. The digits will be hidden around the corresponding level. For example: You've entered a room. There is a large chest in the corner. 
There is a big round table in the center. There is a piece of paper on the table with a handwritten note on it. What do you want to do?
1.) open chest?
2.) look note
you choose to look at note and see that it has B7 wittten on it. You will input the number 7 in the second slot of the code.

During your turn, the game will tell you the name of the monster, how much hp it has, and give you your options
    for example:
        It is your turn. The goblin has 13hp. Use spell(sp), or attack high(h), middle(m), or low(l)
if use spell(sp): the game list the spells currently in your inventory.
    for example:
        Your equipped spells:
            1) fireball[tier 2][x1]
            2) lightning bolt[tier 1][x3]
            3) lightning bolt[tier 3][x1]
            4) wrath of nature[tier 2][x2]
    based on this example the user can input a number 1-4 to cast that coresponding spell.
otherwise the user can type h, m, or l to attack high, middle, or low.

during the enemy's turn, the game will tell the user their current hp, and prompt them to block high(h), middle(m), or low(l)
    for example:
        It is the goblin's turn. You have 75hp. The goblin is attacking. Block high(h), middle(m) or low(l)
            the user will then type h, m, or l to block high middle or low
    
    
